chore: updated to upstream 0.25.0 and removed unneeded files (#63)
aws-observability/aws-otel-js: README.md

## Introduction

> The AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry (ADOT) JavaScript contains components of [OpenTelemetry JavaScript SDK](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js), configured for use with AWS X-Ray. Check out the upstream project for documentation on the underlying features, APIs, and additional libraries. This repository only contains a small portion of components which will allow the OpenTelemetry JavaScript SDK to work with AWS X-Ray. The OpenTelemetry repository contains the rest.

Reviewer: We might consider this wording:

```suggestion
The AWS Distro for OpenTelemetry (ADOT) JavaScript refers to some components developed to complement the upstream [OpenTelemetry JavaScript SDK](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js) for use with AWS X-Ray. Check out the upstream project for documentation on the underlying features, APIs, and additional libraries. This repository only contains a small portion of components which will allow the OpenTelemetry JavaScript SDK to work with AWS X-Ray. The OpenTelemetry repository contains the rest.
```
